Update Issues-and-Incident-management-and-response.mdx (#18047)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/alerts/incident-management/Issues-and-Incident-management-and-response.mdx

- Condition Name
- Entity name
- Entity ID
- Priority

<Callout variant="important">

> Currently an Alert condition only supports 2 priority levels: Warning and Critical .
> An alert condition is where the priority is set for the incidents that it creates. A warning threshold on the condition will create a high priority on the incident and a critical threshold will create a critical priority on the incident.
> An issue’s priority is set based on the highest priority of the incidents that it contains.  For example, if there are 4 high / warning incidents and 1 critical incident, the priority is set to critical.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alert conditions currently support two priority levels: **warning** and **critical**. These levels determine the priority of the incidents they generate.

* A **warning** threshold on an alert condition creates a high priority incident.
* A **critical** threshold creates a critical priority incident.

An issue's priority is derived from the highest priority of its constituent incidents. For example, an issue with four high priority incidents and one critical incident would be assigned a **critical** priority.
```
